hello everybody, welcome, it's one more
channel video
This time to show you a new one.
schin a heats the champion eco a schin
sandstorms
she will post 975 rp and then she
There's nothing to be released by
while more so than while the
champion are only available on the bbb is
which are the speeches and animations the champion
with the new schin in the brain
if anyone sees my paradox asks
to see that I give
the timeline was already broken
when I found
I swear
This is the second longest of my
life
Good, I have no idea what it is.
making
I already calculated your chances sorry
I saw your future nothing more than
our plans
I 've already won this fight, I just came back
fun
I already calculated your chances
sorry i saw your future nothing more
which broken bones champion
silva champion of the ranking
here in anti-torture base mines
champion season the 9th fifth of sand
now the animations of the skills
eco champion against the enemy
thus utilized skill strip
ease parallel convergence and
Skill and diving do ko in the third
video about the championship
explained how each factor is age and
champion will work
so if you have doubt of how the
ability will work each
from them
I'll leave the end of this video on the link
for a video explaining each skill
champion of the eco champion of the
fall champion shows is that this animation
of different death this Thursday
classified with staff today will
staying here do not forget to
let it take the video to sign up
channel if you have not yet
share this video's favorite a lot
Thank you guys, a big hug to
next medial
big time is just the same